hi gang its Brendon McCray from mini
mania and today we're going to do an
install of the Sprint Booster for a 2007
r56 Mini Cooper S it's our testbed car
the Sprint Booster if you don't know is
a throttle feel enhancer if you will
what it does is for all modern cars that
use an electronic throttle control like
all of your minis what this will do is
this will give you about 30% more
throttle feel and it makes a fun Drive
even more fun so what we're going to do
we're gonna take this we're gonna
install it in our car I'm going to show
you how to do the installation step by
step and if you want to go to our
website you can look up the part number
for this particular item which is SPR
two zero nine five that's for the manual
the automatic is SPR 209 5a the skill
level required for this kind of
installation not much it's a pretty easy
install we're gonna rate this an easy
not even intermediate and that's one of
the reasons why we like this product so
much is that it basically is a
plug-and-play
product for your car it's not something
that you need to have any mechanic
skills in order to do and yet the
results are really satisfying for most
people so we're gonna jump right into it
right now
and we're going to install this puppy
the first thing that you need to do is
leave your driver side door open for
five minutes that way it'll ensure that
you don't get an engine check light
after you've installed your booster and
then after that first step is to
move your allen head bolt here that
holds your throttle pedal in place you
can you either use an Allen head socket
like I'm doing or you can use a regular
allen wrench and then to remove the
pedal you want to push up towards the
footwell and it lifts out just like that
you can see right here this cable right
here is basically what we're going to be
taking the Sprint booster and putting in
series we're gonna disconnect it here
we're gonna put the Sprint Booster there
and then we're gonna plug the cable that
goes to your throttle body into the
other end of speed booster
comes up just like that the Sprint
Booster selectable model has a module
that connects to it and this allows you
to select the different modes I like to
plug this in first before we plug in the
module to our pedal assembly here now
I'm gonna plug in this end to our pedal
assembly you can hear it's got a nice
positive click I like to rock it back
and forth and make sure that it's really
on there securely before I do anything
else whatever you do don't grab your
sprint booster by the wire itself always
only grab it by the sides of the
connectors you don't want to yank out
any of the connections to the pins
inside okay
we've got that side connected now this
side needs to connect to the wire coming
down out of well which is right here
I'll check the connection make sure that
it's secure
only pushing on the connectors again
don't pull on the wire don't grab it
this way and pull on the wire and that
looks like a nice positive connection
next thing I'm going to do I'm going to
route my wires around the back as much
as possible of you're going to need to
do a little bit of tweaking for your
particular model and you basically hide
this wire away and out of your way of
the pedal we'll do that in a minute for
now I'm going to go and try to find the
clip at the top that you slide into free
pedal which is right there
fit it right down into here we can
replace there you go now that we've got
that installed we need to test to make
sure that we have a signal from the
pedal and give it a little bit of juice
we can
now I have much better property
that's it that's all the rest of the
installation
remember you can sign up for our weekly
newsletter to hear about our latest
video reviews and great deals just go to
mini mania com your source for the best
mini products news and events